Add DeviceLab build+test separation doc (#131365)
flutter/flutter: dev/devicelab/README.md

Flutter's DeviceLab has a limited capacity in presubmit. File an infra ticket
to investigate feasibility of adding a test to presubmit.

## Migrating to build and test model

> To better utilize limited DeviceLab testbed resources and speed up overal validation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To better utilize limited DeviceLab testbed resources and speed up commit validation
```

Author: Updated.

time, it is now supported to separate building artifacts (.apk/.app) from testing them.

> The artifact will be built on a host only bot no needing a device, and the test will run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The artifact will be built on a host only bot, a VM without a device, and the test will run
```

Author: Updated with `, a VM or physical bot without`. For Linux it is a vm, but for Mac it is a physical bot.

based on the artifact against a testbed with a device.

Steps:

1. Update the task class to extend [`BuildTestTask`](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/blob/master/dev/devicelab/lib/tasks/build_test_task.dart)
   - Override function `getBuildArgs`
   - Override function `getTestArgs`
   - Override function `parseTaskResult`
   - Override function `getApplicationBinaryPath`
2. Update the `bin/tasks/{TEST}.dart` to point to the new task class
3. Validate the task locally
   - build only: `dart bin/test_runner.dart test -t {NAME_OR_PATH_OF_TEST} --task-args build --task-args application-binary-path={PATH_TO_ARTIFACT}`
   - test only: `dart bin/test_runner.dart test -t {NAME_OR_PATH_OF_TEST} --task-args test --task-args application-binary-path={PATH_TO_ARTIFACT}`

> 4. Adding tasks to continuous integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Add tasks to continuous integration
```

Author: Done.
